and I welcome to women specialist
vehicles this is walkthrough talk
through demo video in this case it's the
CBR t Spartan barrier this is the
upgraded digitalized version with a
Cummins 5.9 turbo diesel engine as
opposed to the older version which was
the petrol j6 the engine Thank You Brown
10:15 gearbox with epicyclic gear ratios
and giving their neutral turn capability
it's a live steel track which just got a
sell brough in action with rubber
inserts and the suspension is messy air
dampers with torsion bars giving
excellent off-road capability it's the
armed personnel very variant as I said
so you've got guys in the rear : go
through the various components of the
vehicle step-by-step this is the
transmission compartment at the CVR see
this is the vehicle radio yeah this is
the intercooler is the deckplates which
give access to the transmission
compartment which thinkest is a very
very heavy radiator folds out the way
for maintenance and access the gearbox
can happen then here you've got the
David Brown 10:15 gearbox she's got
seven forward speeds seven reverse
speeds vehicle will go just as forward
in reverses are well forward due to the
epicyclic gearing of the gearbox it's
got a neutral turn capability also got
within here the vehicle brakes broke
break in and also the steering brakes
apply one of the tellers it locks up the
steering brakes on one side which then
through episode barracks you
neutral discern capability which means
that one track goes one way the other
track goes the other way so you can turn
the vehicle basically on its own
circumference
inside the vehicle this is why the
commander sits
that's his Coppola and where you could
fire gpmg 760 machine gun from bubbler
heads we've got more two hatches and
four crew to buy more words from radio
operator seat see ya commander of the
infantry section six where I am an
infantry soldiers on this rear bank see
here obviously the military radio has
been removed bones still classified and
but this is where it all fit and go
through into the driving compartment and
I'll just give a brief overview of what
the controls are how the vehicle off
right and then we'll take you for a spin
this is obviously the drivers position
we've got the seat in the lowest
position and we can drive the vehicle
button down for a periscope rather you
than me
so the basic controls and the vehicle
are the master switch is located just
down here turn that on that obviously
brings power to the vehicle hum brakes
here it's a ratchet handbrake you crank
it back and forth and slam it forward to
release the handbrake is the steering
service the accelerator right and that's
the gear change gear change indicators
here at the moment it's in neutral which
you need to be in to start the vehicle
stop lemur is up here it's manual stop
for the diesel engine to start the
vehicle ensure you're in neutral and
brakes applied this is your forward
reverse lever for the for the gearbox to
have that in the central position in the
neutral position
pull stuff on that it's also a secondary
ignition on here where you can turn the
ignition on and off remote from the
master switch various controls on here
fit normal right driving such as has a
warning lights headlights turn signal
indicators wife as he is full bean dip
and the horn so after that start it up
thank you for a driving to show you how
to operate it so again to start an
operate in the vehicle
ensure your master switch is turned on
turn the ignition switch on vehicles in
the neutral position on the gear
selector on your left foot make sure
your hand brakes applied and that your
forward reverse selectors in in between
positions press start on the ignition
panel
the karate
the mission of master switch off when he
driving forwards obviously kicked down
with your heel gives you increased gears
as and when the vehicle needs it when
you're slowing down you need to bring
the vehicle down slowly and then knock
down the gears if you're knocked down
the gears too sharply you'll end up on
your nose you'll cause transmission
issues engine issues steering on the
vehicle as you're going faster you get
less steering ability the higher gear
you're going so if you come and you need
a sharp turn you need to slow the
vehicle knock it down the gears and
you'll get a off a turn out the
vinegar that's driving a CV RT